Rework error handling and move log data handling (#163)
mramendi/kie-docs: doc-content/jbpm-docs/src/main/asciidoc/CoreEngine/execution-error-types-and-filters-ref.adoc

[id='execution-error-types-and-filters-ref']
= Execution error types and filters

Execution error handling attempts to catch and handle any kind of error. However, users might need to handle different errors in different ways. Also, different detailed information is available for different types of errors.

The error handling mechanism supports pluggable _filters_. Every filter processes a particular type of error. You can add filters that process specific errors in different ways, overriding default processing.

A filter is an implementation of the `ExecutionErrorFilter` interface. This interface builds instances of `ExecutionError`, which are later stored using the `ExecutionErrorStorage` class.

> The `ExecutionErrorFilter` interface has following methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ExecutionErrorFilter` interface has the following methods:
```

> * `accept`: indicates if an error can be processed by the filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `accept`: Indicates if an error can be processed by the filter
```

> * `filter`: processes an error and returns the `ExecutionError` instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `filter`: Processes an error and returns the `ExecutionError` instance
```

> * `getPriority`: indicates the priority for this filter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `getPriority`: Indicates the priority for this filter
```

> The execution error handler processes each error separately. For each error, it starts calling the `accept` method of all registered filters, starting with the filters that have a lower priority value. If the `accept` method of a filter returns `true`, the handler calls the `filter` method of this filter and does not call any other filters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The execution error handler processes each error separately. For each error, it starts calling the `accept` method of all registered filters, starting with the filters that have a lower priority value. If the `accept` method of a filter returns `true`, the handler calls the `filter` method of the filter and does not call any other filters.
```

> Because of the priority system, only one filter processes any error. More specialized filters have lower priority values. An error that was not accepted by one of the specialized filters reaches generic filters that have higher priority values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to the priority system, only one filter processes any error. More specialized filters have lower priority values. An error that is not accepted by any specialized filters reaches generic filters that have higher priority values.
```
